com/daxton/fancycore/api/other/Arithmetic.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.Arithmetic
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.Arithmetic$1
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R2/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R2.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/placeholder/PlaceholderBase.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.placeholder.PlaceholderBase
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/placeholder/PlaceholderSelf.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.placeholder.PlaceholderSelf
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/button/GuiCloseAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.button.GuiCloseAction
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionColor.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionColor
com/daxton/fancycore/api/event/PhysicalDamageEvent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.event.PhysicalDamageEvent
com/daxton/fancycore/manager/ProtocolMap.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.manager.ProtocolMap
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionMain.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionMain
com/daxton/fancycore/other/customvalue/SetCustomValue.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.customvalue.SetCustomValue
com/daxton/fancycore/Test.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.Test
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/entity/one/LookTarget.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.entity.one.LookTarget
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/item/GuiItemSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.item.GuiItemSet
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionMessage.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionMessage
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_17_R1/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_17_R1.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R1/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R1.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/other/damageformula/MeleeFormula.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.damageformula.MeleeFormula
com/daxton/fancycore/api/number/Random.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.number.Random
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_14_R1/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_14_R1.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R3/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R3.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/guise/GuiseEntityAPI.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.guise.GuiseEntityAPI
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/PackEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.PackEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/NMSVersion.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.NMSVersion
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/CustomInventory.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.CustomInventory
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/entity/GetEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.entity.GetEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_17_R1/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_17_R1.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/other/playerdata/ItemCD.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.playerdata.ItemCD
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.playerdata.ItemCD$1
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.playerdata.ItemCD$2
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R1/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R1.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/other/damageformula/RangeFormula.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.damageformula.RangeFormula
com/daxton/fancycore/task/meta/ClearAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.ClearAction
com/daxton/fancycore/command/MainCommand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.command.MainCommand
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R2/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R2.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/gui/MainOpen.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.gui.MainOpen
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/attack/customcore/RangeAttack.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.attack.customcore.RangeAttack
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionMath.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionMath
com/daxton/fancycore/other/damageformula/MagicFormula.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.damageformula.MagicFormula
com/daxton/fancycore/api/other/RandonSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.RandonSet
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/vector/LocationVector.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.vector.LocationVector
com/daxton/fancycore/api/number/Count.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.number.Count
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/WindowsExplorerStringComparator.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.WindowsExplorerStringComparator
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/item/GuiEditItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.item.GuiEditItem
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/KeyMap.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.KeyMap
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/other/ThreeDLocation.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.other.ThreeDLocation
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/placeholder/PlaceholderOther.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.placeholder.PlaceholderOther
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/CopyClipboard.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.CopyClipboard
com/daxton/fancycore/api/other/CountWords.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.CountWords
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_14_R1/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_14_R1.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/ConfigCreate.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.ConfigCreate
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/FileCopy.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.FileCopy
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/other/EulerAngles.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.other.EulerAngles
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R1/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R1.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionChange.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionChange
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/other/Quaternion.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.other.Quaternion
com/daxton/fancycore/other/damageformula/DefaultFormula.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.damageformula.DefaultFormula
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.damageformula.DefaultFormula$1
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R1/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R1.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionPlaceholder.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionPlaceholder
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R2/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R2.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/FancyCore.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.FancyCore
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_15_R1/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_15_R1.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/task/meta/SwitchAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.SwitchAction
com/daxton/fancycore/task/condition/Contains.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.condition.Contains
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/SearchConfigFile.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.SearchConfigFile
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R1/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R1.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R2/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R2.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/api/judgment/NumberJudgment.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.judgment.NumberJudgment
com/daxton/fancycore/task/meta/StartAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.StartAction
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.StartAction$1
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.StartAction$2
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.StartAction$3
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/placeholder/PlaceholderTarget.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.placeholder.PlaceholderTarget
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_14_R1/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_14_R1.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R3/EntityJson.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R3.EntityJson
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/attack/customcore/MainAttack.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.attack.customcore.MainAttack
com/daxton/fancycore/task/condition/Break.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.condition.Break
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R1/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R1.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/EntityID.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.EntityID
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.EntityID$1
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/placeholder/PlaceholderAttributes.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.placeholder.PlaceholderAttributes
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R3/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R3.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/ConfigSave.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.ConfigSave
com/daxton/fancycore/config/FileConfig.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.config.FileConfig
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/entity/Filter.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.entity.Filter
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/SerachZip.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.SerachZip
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/button/GuiChatAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.button.GuiChatAction
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R3/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R3.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/task/condition/Equals.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.condition.Equals
com/daxton/fancycore/task/condition/Compare.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.condition.Compare
com/daxton/fancycore/other/hologram/FloatMessage.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.hologram.FloatMessage
com/daxton/fancycore/command/TabCommand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.command.TabCommand
com/daxton/fancycore/DependPlugins.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.DependPlugins
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/vector/PathDeviation.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.vector.PathDeviation
com/daxton/fancycore/api/item/ItemKeySearch.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.item.ItemKeySearch
com/daxton/fancycore/api/other/StringFind.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.StringFind
com/daxton/fancycore/manager/TaskActionManager.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.manager.TaskActionManager
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/guise/GuiseEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.guise.GuiseEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/manager/OtherManager.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.manager.OtherManager
com/daxton/fancycore/task/meta/run/Loop.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.run.Loop
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/attack/AttackListener.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.attack.AttackListener
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_15_R1/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_15_R1.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/ItemBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.ItemBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/FancyAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.FancyAction
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R2/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R2.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/api/other/NimitNumber.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.NimitNumber
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R2/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R2.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R2/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R2.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R2/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R2.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/SerachFile.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.SerachFile
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_17_R1/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_17_R1.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/AttackedListener.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.AttackedListener
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/item/GuiItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.item.GuiItem
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionCustom.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionCustom
com/daxton/fancycore/AttackCore.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.AttackCore
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/ConfigLoad.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.ConfigLoad
com/daxton/fancycore/manager/PlayerManagerCore.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.manager.PlayerManagerCore
com/daxton/fancycore/other/hologram/FHologramsAPI.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.hologram.FHologramsAPI
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/EntityIdFetcher.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.EntityIdFetcher
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_15_R1/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_15_R1.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R2/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R2.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/attack/customcore/MagicAttack.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.attack.customcore.MagicAttack
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/attack/customcore/MeleeAttack.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.attack.customcore.MeleeAttack
com/daxton/fancycore/hook/Vault/Currency.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.hook.Vault.Currency
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/conversion/ColorConversion.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.conversion.ColorConversion
com/daxton/fancycore/hook/ProtocolSupport/SetClientVersion.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.hook.ProtocolSupport.SetClientVersion
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/attack/MythicLibListener.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.attack.MythicLibListener
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/entity/Convert.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.entity.Convert
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/PackPlayer.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.PackPlayer
com/daxton/fancycore/other/hologram/TextHol.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.hologram.TextHol
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_17_R1/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_17_R1.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/conversion/NumberConversion.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.conversion.NumberConversion
com/daxton/fancycore/task/TaskAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.TaskAction
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/placeholder/PlaceholderPlayer.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.placeholder.PlaceholderPlayer
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R2/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R2.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/entity/judgment/Range.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.entity.judgment.Range
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/entity/many/Line.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.entity.many.Line
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R3/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R3.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/api/other/StringSplit.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.StringSplit
com/daxton/fancycore/api/other/DigitConversion.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.other.DigitConversion
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/attack/customcore/NumberAttack.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.attack.customcore.NumberAttack
com/daxton/fancycore/api/item/ItemSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.item.ItemSet
com/daxton/fancycore/other/hologram/FHologram.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.hologram.FHologram
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_15_R1/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_15_R1.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/PackListener.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.PackListener
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.PackListener$1
com/daxton/fancycore/other/entity/BukkitAttributeSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.entity.BukkitAttributeSet
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/stringconversion/ConversionPlaceholderAPI.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.stringconversion.ConversionPlaceholderAPI
com/daxton/fancycore/api/item/CItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.item.CItem
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/button/GuiButton.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.button.GuiButton
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.button.GuiButton$ButtonBuilder
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_17_R1/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_17_R1.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R3/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R3.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R1/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R1.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/button/GuiAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.button.GuiAction
com/daxton/fancycore/api/fixedvalue/Trigger.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.fixedvalue.Trigger
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R1/NMSItem.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R1.NMSItem
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/location/GetLocation.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.location.GetLocation
com/daxton/fancycore/other/hologram/FString.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.hologram.FString
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/ArmorStandOther.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.ArmorStandOther
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/location/one/Look.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.location.one.Look
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_16_R1/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_16_R1.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/other/taskaction/MapGetKey.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.taskaction.MapGetKey
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/ItemDropMetadata.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.ItemDropMetadata
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/MobListener.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.MobListener
com/daxton/fancycore/task/condition/HealthChange.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.condition.HealthChange
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_13_R1/ArmorStand.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_13_R1.ArmorStand
com/daxton/fancycore/other/task/modelentity/ModelEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.task.modelentity.ModelEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/DiscordMessage.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.DiscordMessage
com/daxton/fancycore/api/aims/entity/many/Radius.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.aims.entity.many.Radius
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_15_R1/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_15_R1.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_14_R1/NMSEntity.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_14_R1.NMSEntity
com/daxton/fancycore/api/config/SearchConfigMap.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.config.SearchConfigMap
com/daxton/fancycore/api/character/conversion/StringConversion.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.character.conversion.StringConversion
com/daxton/fancycore/nms/v1_14_R1/ItemToBaseComponent.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.nms.v1_14_R1.ItemToBaseComponent
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/ActionBar.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.ActionBar
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/Heal.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.Heal
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/NameSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.NameSet
com/daxton/fancycore/task/location/LightSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.LightSet
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.LightSet$1
com/daxton/fancycore/task/location/Sound.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.Sound
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/button/GuiOpenAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.button.GuiOpenAction
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/Title.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.Title
com/daxton/fancycore/other/taskaction/StringToMap.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.taskaction.StringToMap
com/daxton/fancycore/task/location/ParticlesSend.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.ParticlesSend
com/daxton/fancycore/task/location/BlockSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.BlockSet
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/LoggerMessage.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.LoggerMessage
com/daxton/fancycore/task/location/Guise.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.Guise
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/Teleport.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.Teleport
com/daxton/fancycore/task/location/MessageFloat.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.MessageFloat
com/daxton/fancycore/server/Reload.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.server.Reload
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/InvisibleSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.InvisibleSet
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.InvisibleSet$1
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/Experience.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.Experience
com/daxton/fancycore/task/meta/run/OrbitalAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.run.OrbitalAction
com/daxton/fancycore/task/meta/run/FixedPoint.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.run.FixedPoint
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/GlowSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.GlowSet
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/Move.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.Move
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/PotionEffect.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.PotionEffect
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/Command.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.Command
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/AttributeSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.AttributeSet
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.AttributeSet$1
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/Level.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.Level
com/daxton/fancycore/other/playerdata/PlayerDataFancy.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.other.playerdata.PlayerDataFancy
com/daxton/fancycore/server/Start.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.server.Start
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/Message.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.Message
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/PlayerListener.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.PlayerListener
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/Damage.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.Damage
com/daxton/fancycore/task/meta/Action.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.Action
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.meta.Action$1
com/daxton/fancycore/task/entity/MythicAction.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.entity.MythicAction
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/BossBarSend.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.BossBarSend
com/daxton/fancycore/task/player/MoneySet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.player.MoneySet
com/daxton/fancycore/task/location/ModelEngineSet.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.task.location.ModelEngineSet
com/daxton/fancycore/api/gui/GUI.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.GUI
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.GUI$1
 com.daxton.fancycore.api.gui.GUI$GUIBuilder
com/daxton/fancycore/listener/InventoryListener.java
 com.daxton.fancycore.listener.InventoryListener
